sti/images/centos7/README.md, before:

# Java STI builder image

This is a STI builder image for Java builds whose result can be run
directly without any further application server. It's suited ideally
for microservices. The application can be either provided as an
executable FAT Jar or in the more classical with JARs on a flat
classpath with one Main-Class.

This image also provides an easy integration with [agent-bond][1]
which wraps an [Jolokia][2] and Prometheus [jmx_exporter][3]
agent. See below how to configure this.

The following environment variables can be used to influence the
behaviour of this builder image:

## Build Time

* **STI_DIR** Base STI dir (default: `/tmp`)
* **STI_SOURCE_DIR** Directory where the source should be copied to (default: `${STI_DIR}/src`)
* **STI_ARTIFACTS_DIR** Artifact directory used for incremental build (default: `${STI_DIR}/artifacts`)
* **OUTPUT_DIR** Directory where to find the generated artifacts (default: `${STI_SOURCE_DIR}/target`)
* **JAVA_APP_DIR** Where the application jar should be put to (default: `/app`)
* **MAVEN_ARGS** Arguments to use when calling maven (default: `package dependency:copy-dependencies -DskipTests -e`)
* **MAVEN_MODULE** For a multi-module maven build this variable can pick a single module via its maven coordinates 
  (e.g. `io.fabric8.jube.images.fabric8:quickstart-java-simple-fatjar`)
* **MAVEN_EXTRA_ARGS** Additional args, useful for temporary adding arguments like `-X`
* **MAVEN_DEP_CLASSPATH_OPTS** Options to use when creating a classpath file. After the regular build a file containing 
  the classpath is created via the goal `dependency:build-classpath` and which can be picked up by `run` when starting up.
  See [maven-dependency-plugin](https://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-dependency-plugin/build-classpath-mojo.html) 
  for possible options.

## Run Time

The run script can be influenced by the following environment variables:

* **JAVA_APP_DIR** the directory where all JAR files can be
  found. This is `/app` by default.
* **JAVA_WORKDIR** working directory from where to start the JVM. By
  default it is `$JAVA_APP_DIR`
* **JAVA_OPTIONS** options to add when calling `java`
* **JAVA_MAIN_CLASS** A main class to use as argument for `java`. When
  this environment variable is given, all jar files in `$JAVA_APP_DIR`
  are added to the classpath as well as `$JAVA_APP_DIR` and
  `JAVA_WORKDIR` themselves, too.
* **JAVA_APP_JAR** A jar file with an appropriate mainfest so that it
  can be started with `java -jar`. If given it takes precedence of
  `$JAVA_MAIN_CLASS`. In addition `$JAVA_APP_DIR` and `$JAVA_WORKDIR`
  are added to the classpath, too. 
* **JAVA_APP_NAME** Name to use for the process
* **JAVA_CLASSPATH** the classpath to use. If not given, the script checks 
  for a file `${JAVA_APP_DIR}/run-classpath` and use its content literally 
  as classpath. If this file doesn't exists all jars in the app dir are 
  added (`classes:${JAVA_APP_DIR}/*`). 
* **JAVA_ENABLE_DEBUG** If set remote debugging will be switched on
* **JAVA_DEBUG_PORT** Port used for remote debugging. Default: 5005


If neither `$JAVA_APP_JAR` nor `$JAVA_MAIN_CLASS` is given,
`$JAVA_APP_DIR` is checked for a single JAR file which is taken as
`$JAVA_APP_JAR`. If no or more then one jar file is found, the script
throws an error. 

These variables can be also set in a
shell config file `run-env.sh`, which will be sourced by 
the startup script. This file can be located in the directory where 
this script is located and in `${JAVA_APP_DIR}`, whereas environment 
variables in the latter override the ones in `run-env.sh` from the script 
directory.

This script also checks for a command `run-java-options`. If existant it will be
called and the output is added to the environment variable `$JAVA_OPTIONS`.

Any arguments given during startup are taken over as arguments to the
Java app. 

The environment variables are best set in `.sti/environment` top in
you project. This file is picked up bei STI during building and running.  

You can also put a `setenv.sh` file holding theses environment variables into `${OUTPUT_DIR}` or
`${OUTPUT_DIR}/classes` which will be picked up during startup of generated application.  

## Agent-Bond Options

Agent bond itself can be influenced via environment variables, too: 

* **AB_OFF** : If set disables activation of agent-bond (i.e. echos an empty value). By default, agent-bond is enabled.
* **AB_ENABLED** : Comma separated list of sub-agents enabled. Currently allowed values are `jolokia` and `jmx_exporter`. 
  By default both are enabled.


#### Jolokia configuration

* **AB_JOLOKIA_CONFIG** : If set uses this file (including path) as Jolokia JVM agent properties (as described 
  in Jolokia's [reference manual](http://www.jolokia.org/reference/html/agents.html#agents-jvm)). 
  By default this is `/opt/jolokia/jolokia.properties`. 
* **AB_JOLOKIA_HOST** : Host address to bind to (Default: `0.0.0.0`)
* **AB_JOLOKIA_PORT** : Port to use (Default: `8778`)
* **AB_JOLOKIA_USER** : User for authentication. By default authentication is switched off.
* **AB_JOLOKIA_PASSWORD** : Password for authentication. By default authentication is switched off.
* **AB_JOLOKIA_ID** : Agent ID to use (`$HOSTNAME` by default, which is the container id)
* **AB_JOLOKIA_OPTS**  : Additional options to be appended to the agent opts. They should be given in the format 
  "key=value,key=value,..."

Some options for integration in various environments

* **AB_JOLOKIA_AUTH_OPENSHIFT** : Switch on OAuth2 authentication for OpenShift. The value of this parameter must be the OpenShift API's 
  base URL (e.g. `https://localhost:8443/osapi/v1/`)

#### jmx_exporter configuration 

* **AB_JMX_EXPORTER_OPTS** : Configuration to use for `jmx_exporter` (in the format `<port>:<path to config>`)
* **AB_JMX_EXPORTER_PORT** : Port to use for the JMX Exporter. Default: `9779`
* **AB_JMX_EXPORTER_CONFIG** : Path to configuration to use for `jmx_exporter`: Default: `/opt/agent-bond/jmx_exporter_config.json`



[1]: https://github.com/fabric8io/agent-bond
[2]: https://github.com/rhuss/jolokia
[3]: https://github.com/prometheus/jmx_exporter

Commit message:

Update readme & added MAVEN_MIRROR to sti-java

sti/images/centos7/README.md, after:

# Java STI builder image

This is a STI builder image for Java builds whose result can be run
directly without any further application server. It's suited ideally
for microservices. The application can be either provided as an
executable FAT Jar or in the more classical with JARs on a flat
classpath with one Main-Class.


This image also provides an easy integration with [agent-bond][1]
which wraps an [Jolokia][2] and Prometheus [jmx_exporter][3]
agent. See below how to configure this.


The following environment variables can be used to influence the
behaviour of this builder image:

## Build Time

* **STI_DIR** Base STI dir (default: `/tmp`)
* **STI_SOURCE_DIR** Directory where the source should be copied to (default: `${STI_DIR}/src`)
* **STI_ARTIFACTS_DIR** Artifact directory used for incremental build (default: `${STI_DIR}/artifacts`)
* **OUTPUT_DIR** Directory where to find the generated artifacts (default: `${STI_SOURCE_DIR}/target`)
* **JAVA_APP_DIR** Where the application jar should be put to (default: `/app`)
* **MAVEN_ARGS** Arguments to use when calling maven (default: `package dependency:copy-dependencies -DskipTests -e`)
* **MAVEN_MODULE** For a multi-module maven build this variable can pick a single module via its maven coordinates 
  (e.g. `io.fabric8.jube.images.fabric8:quickstart-java-simple-fatjar`)
* **MAVEN_EXTRA_ARGS** Additional args, useful for temporary adding arguments like `-X`
* **MAVEN_DEP_CLASSPATH_OPTS** Options to use when creating a classpath file. After the regular build a file containing 
  the classpath is created via the goal `dependency:build-classpath` and which can be picked up by `run` when starting up.
  See [maven-dependency-plugin](https://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-dependency-plugin/build-classpath-mojo.html) 
  for possible options.
* **MAVEN_MIRROR** If set to an Maven repository URL this URL is taken as a mirror for Maven central

## Run Time

The run script can be influenced by the following environment variables:

* **JAVA_APP_DIR** the directory where all JAR files can be
  found. This is `/app` by default.
* **JAVA_WORKDIR** working directory from where to start the JVM. By
  default it is `$JAVA_APP_DIR`
* **JAVA_OPTIONS** options to add when calling `java`
* **JAVA_MAIN_CLASS** A main class to use as argument for `java`. When
  this environment variable is given, all jar files in `$JAVA_APP_DIR`
  are added to the classpath as well as `$JAVA_APP_DIR` and
  `JAVA_WORKDIR` themselves, too.
* **JAVA_APP_JAR** A jar file with an appropriate mainfest so that it
  can be started with `java -jar`. If given it takes precedence of
  `$JAVA_MAIN_CLASS`. In addition `$JAVA_APP_DIR` and `$JAVA_WORKDIR`
  are added to the classpath, too. 
* **JAVA_APP_NAME** Name to use for the process
* **JAVA_CLASSPATH** the classpath to use. If not given, the script checks 
  for a file `${JAVA_APP_DIR}/run-classpath` and use its content literally 
  as classpath. If this file doesn't exists all jars in the app dir are 
  added (`classes:${JAVA_APP_DIR}/*`). 
* **JAVA_ENABLE_DEBUG** If set remote debugging will be switched on
* **JAVA_DEBUG_PORT** Port used for remote debugging. Default: 5005


If neither `$JAVA_APP_JAR` nor `$JAVA_MAIN_CLASS` is given,
`$JAVA_APP_DIR` is checked for a single JAR file which is taken as
`$JAVA_APP_JAR`. If no or more then one jar file is found, the script
throws an error. 

These variables can be also set in a
shell config file `run-env.sh`, which will be sourced by 
the startup script. This file can be located in the directory where 
this script is located and in `${JAVA_APP_DIR}`, whereas environment 
variables in the latter override the ones in `run-env.sh` from the script 
directory.

This script also checks for a command `run-java-options`. If existant it will be
called and the output is added to the environment variable `$JAVA_OPTIONS`.

Any arguments given during startup are taken over as arguments to the
Java app. 

The environment variables are best set in `.sti/environment` top in
you project. This file is picked up bei STI during building and running.  

You can also put a `sti.env` file holding theses environment variables into `${OUTPUT_DIR}` or
`${OUTPUT_DIR}/classes` which will be picked up during startup of generated application.  

### Agent-Bond Options

Agent bond itself can be influenced with the following environment variables: 

* **AB_OFF** : If set disables activation of agent-bond (i.e. echos an empty value). By default, agent-bond is enabled.
* **AB_ENABLED** : Comma separated list of sub-agents enabled. Currently allowed values are `jolokia` and `jmx_exporter`. 
  By default both are enabled.


#### Jolokia configuration

* **AB_JOLOKIA_CONFIG** : If set uses this file (including path) as Jolokia JVM agent properties (as described 
  in Jolokia's [reference manual](http://www.jolokia.org/reference/html/agents.html#agents-jvm)). 
  By default this is `/opt/jolokia/jolokia.properties`. 
* **AB_JOLOKIA_HOST** : Host address to bind to (Default: `0.0.0.0`)
* **AB_JOLOKIA_PORT** : Port to use (Default: `8778`)
* **AB_JOLOKIA_USER** : User for authentication. By default authentication is switched off.
* **AB_JOLOKIA_PASSWORD** : Password for authentication. By default authentication is switched off.
* **AB_JOLOKIA_ID** : Agent ID to use (`$HOSTNAME` by default, which is the container id)
* **AB_JOLOKIA_OPTS**  : Additional options to be appended to the agent opts. They should be given in the format 
  "key=value,key=value,..."

Some options for integration in various environments

* **AB_JOLOKIA_AUTH_OPENSHIFT** : Switch on OAuth2 authentication for OpenShift. The value of this parameter must be the OpenShift API's 
  base URL (e.g. `https://localhost:8443/osapi/v1/`)

#### jmx_exporter configuration 

* **AB_JMX_EXPORTER_OPTS** : Configuration to use for `jmx_exporter` (in the format `<port>:<path to config>`)
* **AB_JMX_EXPORTER_PORT** : Port to use for the JMX Exporter. Default: `9779`
* **AB_JMX_EXPORTER_CONFIG** : Path to configuration to use for `jmx_exporter`: Default: `/opt/agent-bond/jmx_exporter_config.json`



[1]: https://github.com/fabric8io/agent-bond
[2]: https://github.com/rhuss/jolokia
[3]: https://github.com/prometheus/jmx_exporter
